Content		Keywords

decided to come to B Asia uh again yeah so I'm Victor Buon I helped you staking a coin base okay hi.		staking
Victor okay yeah I mean I look awfully similar to this falic guy who you know.		
does etherum you look too you know that yeah.		
yeah okay no need for introductions um but yeah I mean like really I'm really.		
curious honestly because it's a very small compact conference and I'm just.		
you know it's Soul it's kind of far I always just surprised like that you.		
decided to come here and you know trust me and just want C like really from your.		
own words like what made you decide to come to S yeah I mean I I've always you.		
know really appreciated or you know ethereum in crypto community in Korean.		ethereum, crypto
and I think you know yeah events here have been great like every year that.		
I've come um they a lot of interesting projects a lot of I you know also just.		
the most interesting people from all all around the world managed to come every.		
time um so no just uh just it's it's always been you know.		
uniformally just a very nice place to be you know so I'm happy to be back yeah I.		

from is that there's been a lot of this excitement around creating you know not.		
even just in the crypto space like broadly right creating new cities.		crypto
creating new countries creating new societies and what we in like on online.		
or offline and a lot of people look going keep talking about this and I.		
wanted to like help push the conversation into um you know from just.		
Theory to practice and like basically make a real life demonstration.		
of like what happens if you try to actually do this thing and you know give.		
people a reference point of like this is what one actually executed in reality.		
would look like yeah and so you know it was intentionally know brought together.		
people from some different communities a bunch from ethereum a bunch of longevity.		ethereum
some from just general decentralized governance research and some other.		decentralized
spaces and uh stayed together for two months um and uh like basically tried to.		
like actually be a pop-up City and so now this year there's a bunch of.		
independent groups that have been uh doing that and a quadratic funding round.		
recently finished um so yeah there's a bunch happening there's likely going to.		
be a bunch in Thailand later this year one in Taiwan as well City too right I.		
yes city as well yeah um think one one in Georgia too Georgia that's great yeah.		
yeah the country not the state oh yes no I would love to hope that it's a country.		
yes yeah so you know looking forward to.		
these because I think well one of the things that I want to see out of crypto.		crypto
is that I want to see us like be an ecosystem and like be a tech stack more.		
right like instead of everyone building like these separate small incremental.		
moves away from the you know a centralized world that still keep us.		
mostly in a centralized world like basically imagine you're creating an.		
independent text stack that is independent from you know Google and.		
Twitter and Facebook and credit cards to at least the same extent that like say.		
the Chinese Tex stack is right and uh like make make like full stack.		
replacement for that but but decentralized right yeah and I think for.		decentralized
things like that to work like having both users and developers across a whole.		
bunch of different spaces come together is uh going to be really valuable.		
because you get to actually see how things interact with each other um also.		
like people working on one piece are not going to be experts in the other piece.		
and so you actually get some uh like feedback from people who are um you know.		
in informed enough to be able to give the high quality feedback but still like.		
Noob enough that they don't just like brush past things that that are actually.		
super hard for most people and then you know make some progress and go from.		
there so I I would love to see know ethereum doing community doing more of.		ethereum
those things yeah amazing I mean I really like the longterm experiments.		
where like I realistically could not like implement it but I would love to do.		
it someday yeah know I think the long aspect is importance right it's like a.		
week is a break from your life two months is your life and it's a just a.		
very different mindset that you r out of it yes and you can really it becomes a.		
routine and the novelty wears off and the things that are only bearable.		
because you know you're going away in four days.		
time you know start to become unbearable you have to actually fix them and like.		
you know you actually start to get to see like is this a thing that people.		
actually would be willing to be part of for a long term that's a really good.		
refreshing I really would love to try it uh in Thailand perhaps um this upcoming.		
Thailand death con right yeah um speaking of foraster right I mean you.		
made this switch uh well you were definitely um more on foraster these.		
days um and what made your kind of transition from ex.		
foraster yeah I think uh I mean I've been enthusiastic about decentralized.		decentralized
social media for a long time like remember back in Paris about two years.		
ago I made a big you know presentation of crypto Beyond finance and that was.		crypto
the big one of the big categories I was highlighting y um and uh and I've since.		
then actually I've tried like all of the different Al twitters right so I've also.		
I've done lens I definitely still I'm post on lens regularly as well I've done.		
you know the non-crypto ones especially blue sky and Mastadon right remember.		crypto
that yeah the thing that I've.		
uh noticed is that forecaster does a good job of being both crypto and like.		crypto
actually easy enough to use um like there's basic hurdles that I think.		
far gets P it like even lens it doesn't get ped like for example with lens like.		
when every time I you know re access the page like I have to reign in right and.		
with braster you stay signed in yeah that's what I realized too very yeah.		
yeah like it feels I you know very web to like right and I mean for people who.		
have never used crypto before you know they can they also you know offer the.		crypto
thing where know you can provide a phone number and then sign in and then they.		
like set up the FID for you right and so at the beginning it feels web to and.		
then over time it uh like you know if he wants to start becoming more of a web.		
three user you can right like uh what one of my big pain points for Central.		
wise stuff right is that okay so the argument that people sometimes say right.		
is that well decentralized stuff is only really useful for criminals and if.		decentralized
you're not a criminal then like if you have a problem you can talk to Google.		
and Google solves all your problems so centralized stuff is better right exact.		
so here's the problem it's not actually true um so for example um I let's say I.		
have a Gmail account literally right now know and I used this Gmail account for a.		
long time but then I switched to another one and so I stopped using it did not.		
access it for years recently I decided to go like try to access it again I yet.		
still perfectly remembered my password I remembered my email but Google has.		
started requiring a phone number confirmation to sign in and uh on that.		
account I had an old phone number registered that I no longer have I I got.		
the same process yes and then I went on the internet and um I checked you know.		
like is there some like support recovery procedure there isn't no and so I am.		
screwed right basically now let's see what.		
happens with my warcast account so with my warcast account you know I can.		
actually set the recovery to like actually be myosis safe right and that's.		
a four of six multisig and you know yeah like I know who the key holders are and.		
like it's it's it's a distributed thing and I trust it right and like there's no.		
single Corporation that's going to be able to rug me but at the same time like.		
actually you know if I do lose my devices like that is the multi is still.		
a thing that I can recover right and so that's like one of the examples where I.		
think the crypto integration actually really helps and another place where the.		crypto
crypto integration helps is that forecaster does actually have like.		crypto
functional alternate clients right um so the big pitch of this all the whole time.		
		
for reasons that don't have to do with money Mak right like before this um you.		
know people would you know you know the influencers they'd often not even.		
instead of saying decentralize Social they'd say social F right because the.		
only thing they can imagine is that the only way to improve crypto with or the.		crypto
only way to improve social with crypto is by making it into a Ponzi exactly.		crypto
point and everything yes and but and so you know we we got to see how right.		
there all these platforms it's like oh you can invest in people and everyone.		
has their own meme coin the friend Tech right yes well there's one actually it's.		
like not even the F the first one there were like five of them before right and.		
that's true that's uh yeah it's like yeah you know it's like in theory.		
you get the pitch but then in practice it's um like there the number of uh like.		
I think the people that are attracted to the gambling and the people that are.		
attracted to interesting content are like almost disjoint yes and on forecast.		
like people are there including people that don't even care a single bit about.		
making money and that's uh you I think that's beautiful right so I think it's.		
uh you know to me it you know far like before this I would always say ens as.		
like my the single biggest non-financial crypto app that's actually gotten.		crypto
somewhere and I think farcaster is the second biggest MH and well now I think.		
ens itself it needs to like more properly layer to a itself to not like.		
overcharge on fees but you know that's another discussion yeah yeah that's.		

definitely things that much more recable price points so.		
like you can see how it's getting there right and the other aspect of this is.		
you know the crypto aspect and there's like the virtual economy aspect and then.		crypto
I think one other aspect that excited people is like what people want is.		
global connectedness what people don't want is um global global connectedness.		
where everything um ends up being owned by like one billionaire and 5 VCS out of.		
Silicon Valley right and there's I think this hope that like maybe crypto could.		crypto
come in and we could actually have the thing be owned by a dow somehow right or.		
it could be a dow that's One Vision or the other vision is like lots of.		
different people could own their own rooms but there would be some kind of.		
like minimal interprotocol like the hallways would run on a blockchain.		blockchain
basically and like something like that could be figured out and it would.		
actually make sense and like I think this stuff is nice and like the.		
technology is getting there to satisfy it all theoretically right like.		
theoretically I know the the VR site is getting there now we have I know.		
ethereum has blobs we have scalability um and with scalability we can uh get to.		ethereum
the points where you know we're actually processing these know non-financial.		
metaverse related operations on chain and that's all know beautiful but like.		
it still feels Vibe level and uh yeah the question of like why would I you.		
know I or why would you hop into a metaverse like it still feels not quite.		
answered yes um premature premature exactly so I guess I'm you know still.		
waiting cautiously observing curious well like I'm you know I'm happy that.		
there's other people waiting and and you know trying to poke into it and you know.		
like people that actually care about trying to you know preempt the silon.		
valley Mega Corporation with you know some kind of more open approach and and.		
we'll see what we get mean coins so I mean there's a panel uh I think mean.		
coins are inevitably the topic of crypto and of course there strong opinions.		crypto
negative positive I me what are your general.		
thoughts on on it um can you explain a little.		
bit I think um one of the challenges um of um like this crypto cycle that I.		crypto
think really need to get get past is that like it feels like the number go up.		
narrative and the social good narrative are like very disjoint from each other.		
right like if you talk to number go up people they talk about one set of things.		
if you talk to social good people then you know they're going to tell you about.		
you know the ZKA and social um and voting and governance algorithms and.		
like a whole set of other things and like the intersection of these two is.		
like zero discrepancy zero yeah and uh I feel like this uh really shows in the.		
mcoin you know discourse as well right and I think one thing that was.		
interesting I just got reminded uh just yesterday that about 10 years ago I uh I.		
wrote this uh post actually yeah a couple of weeks before ethereum was.		ethereum
announced the title was markets institutions and currencies and one of.		

and but what's interesting is like there's people who really hate meme.		
coins and then the people who like meme coins it's like they don't even try to.		
like make the meme coins good for the world right that's actually there are a.		
few that do right like I think like there is one called um that's called.		
like Tyrant and it's like named after Fable of the Dragon Tyrant and it tried.		
to like donate to longevity stuff there's one called give well youu which.		
donated to give well right like there's a few I mean I know I feel.		
but I you know I feel like it's it's worth mentioning their names once just.		
you know margin it's like marginal incentivization right but there's like.		
most of them like you know they don't even try right and uh so the question.		
the like like to me the ideal world is know the world where I think these two.		
inevitable sides of know crypto kind of the idealistic side and the money side.		crypto

to look for and not to look for for yeah for the for the community kind of like.		
coming into web 3 or looking into ethereum yeah and I think uh the the.		ethereum
thing that we need to focus on at the current time is like really yeah.		
find things that make sense from the point of view of principles and that.		
makes sense from the point of view of like are users going to be willing to do.		
this right and like you can't sacrifice on either one right because if you.		
sacrifice on the principles eventually you get outcompeted by a centralized.		
thing that just forgets the blockchain and if you you know like sacrifice on.		blockchain
usability then like you know you're not going to go beyond like a few thousand.		
Tech de as your users and like basically we are not building prototypes anymore.		

